Okay.

So it says you were invited to participate in the usability evaluation of this application's interface.

In this test, we aim to get your opinion on the interface design, navigation features, and general experience when using our form.

The objective is to improve usability and make it more intuitive and effect efficient for our users.

Your opinion is essential to the continuous improvement of our interface, and we hope you feel free to provide sincere and constructive comments.

Please remember that there are no right or wrong answers to this test.

We are interested in your personal experience and perceptions when using our platform.

Therefore, do not hesitate to express your opinions and suggestions.

Thank you in advance for your participation and time.

Please remember to think aloud during your test and tell us if there's any information missing.

The application information appears in Portuguese, but despite this, it is expected that you will be able to understand some aspects of the interface through its design.

Now take a look at the site and tell us what you think it is.

You can scroll if you want, but please don't click on anything yet.

Okay.

So it says, what's the first thing you notice?

K.

So the first thing that I notice is you know, this is obviously an online library because I'm seeing in the background, there's books, and so I'm going to assume this is an online library.

And it does say here online, and then it says, you know, what seems like library in Portuguese.

They have audiobooks as well.

So So that's the first thing I'm noticing.

This is obviously an online library, due to the images that I'm seeing here, and they have audio, books as well, it seems like.

Okay.

So that's the first thing I'm noticing.

What can you do on the site?

What products or services are offered on the site?

Who is the site intended for?

Okay.

So what can you do on the site?

So it seems like there's several things you can do in on the site.

So there's obviously, like, online books.

There's audiobooks.

So you can, read, you can read online books.

You can listen to audiobooks.

You can see maybe images.

I'm not really sure what this is, but it seems like there's images here, not sure what that's for, but that's what you can do here as well.

Look at, images from books, maybe.

You can also look at videos.

I'm not really sure what this is either, but it seems like that's something you can do on here.

You can, look at different softwares.

Not sure what that is either, but Those are all things you can do, although I'm not really sure what some of these are for, and then they have them here as well in the navigation menu, and then it seems that you can search up books as well.

And that's basically what you can do on here, it seems like.

What products or services are offered on the site?

So this is obviously this is obviously offering, like, it seems like, online books, audiobooks, and images videos and softwares relating to books maybe.

That's what I'm getting from this or I'm not really a lie a library of images, videos, and softwares.

So that's everything that this site is, offering who's the site intended for?

This site is intended for anyone who, likes libraries.

Who wants to, you know, basically kind of, like, visit a library but online instead of going in person?

So I feel like this is who this This this is who this site is intended for.

So for people who enjoy libraries, but, you know, they want to access it online rather than going in person.

Okay.

In your opinion, what are the negative aspects of the presented interface?

I think the fact that I can't really tell what exactly are some of these categories, the pictures are not very telling.

So it's not very specific.

Let's see.

So I would say probably the minimalist design.

I Feel like it should have maybe more description as to what this is or something more, you know, basically specific because just by looking at some of these pictures, I can't really tell what this is.

It just says, like, one single word, but I'm not really sure what each of these are.

So that's something, and then, let's see.

So it says intuitive design.

Okay.

Let's see what else.

User experience, efficiency, easy of learning, layout design, navigation, functionalities.

Let's see.

Navigation.

Probably navigation as well because I would assume that If you wanted to go to any of these categories, you would be able to do so by clicking on these images, but it seems like you're not able to.

It seems like you would have to specifically click here.

So that's not very intuitive because I would assume that you'd be able to click on the picture, and then it would take you there, but it seems like that's not the case.

So also navigation.

Let's see.

And in that case, user experience as well, I think falls under kind of the same thing that, you know, I feel like, someone might get confused.

It might think that you're able to click on this to go to the certain category and also that, you know, it's not very intuitive as to what each of these categories are for.

And then let's see.

And then the layout design as well, it's kinda weird because there's, like, a bunch of pictures, just the same pictures over and over again.

So In my opinion, this looks a little weird, very repetitive.

It just looks very odd in my opinion.

And in your opinion, what are the positive acts aspects of the presented interface?

I would say, Okay.

I guess I would say let's see.

I guess easy of learning just because there's so there's such little things on here that you can easily, you know, learn all the different categories, and then also, You can also easily learn how to navigate through them because they're up here in the navigation menu, and then they're Also, there's also a link here.

So very easy to learn how to use this website because it's so It's so simplistic, and it's so basic so that, you know, it's pretty easy to learn how to use it, like I said.

Let's see.

And, yeah, that's pretty much it.

Imagine that the products and services offered on the site are intended for you.

Do whatever you think you are supposed to, like, buy a product, make a booking, create an account, etcetera.

So I can't really understand some of the things that it says on this site very well.

So it says, let's see, buy a product, make a booking, create an account, etcetera.

Let's see.

Let me try maybe browsing at the books and seeing if I can, simulate buying one.

So let me click here.

I believe this says look at all the books.

So let me go ahead and click here, and I think it should take me to, a whole list of different books that I can probably, buy.

Okay.

So, again, it's kinda weird that it keeps having the same pictures over and over again.

It seems like these are different categories, but for some reason, the pictures are all the same, very repetitive.

And it seems like I can kind of scroll through here by using these little, buttons at the bottom.

So, it seems like maybe this is just like a, like, a general design and not really meant to have actual books yet on here.

But it seems like it has different categories.

It seems like these are, like, the most viewed.

These are the recently added, suggested.

So they have a pretty good different categories to look at.

And let me just pretend like, you know, I saw a book that I was interested in, and I would go ahead and click on it.

And then it should probably take me to view the details of the book, like the price and everything about it.

So let me go ahead and click on one of these.

I'm not sure if it'll actually take me to, like, the description of it.

Let's see what happens if I click on it.

Okay.

So it does.

So this is exactly what I was expecting to see.

So This is like, the information about the book, so it seems like I can go out and download it here.

You can see the title, category, when it was published, the author, and then a little, this is supposed to be, I'm guessing, a photograph of the author, and then you can see the reviews as well.

So really nice, information about the book here.

Then this is a genre, I suppose.

And I think this is to turn the book around, I'm assuming.

Okay.

No.

Actually, that's that was to go back, so I'm not really sure what some of those meant.

So I don't see a price for the book, so I'm not really sure how I'm supposed to buy a book.

It seems like I I could just downloaded.

So let me try and see if I can, you know, download this.

Okay.

So I think it's saying that, you know, this is only a test, and therefore, I cannot actually download it.

But that's what I would go ahead and do if I saw a book I liked.

I would go ahead and, you know, look at it, look at the information about it, and especially look at the the star ratings because that's Really important for me when deciding if I want to, you know, read a book or not.

So and I was also expecting it to have, like, a like, a plot summary somewhere here.

So that's something I also look at just to see if I'll be interested in the book.

So that's what I would go ahead and do on this site.

How do you rate your overall experience with this website?

I would say I'll give it a, of four.

Just because I you know, due to the language barrier, Kind of had a hard time figuring out what some of the things meant.

Also, it was kinda weird that a lot of the images were really just the same, and, you know, a lot of the categories on the homepage, I didn't really know what they were.

So I just kind of saw, like, you know, pictures, videos, and software, but I'm not really sure what that meant.

So I was a little confused as to what the purpose of that was, and it just seems really underdeveloped.

So I just feel like I can't really make much out of this website at the moment, but I think the navigation for the most part is is alright.

Like, it's pretty easy to to navigate, especially because you have the the all the different categories up here, so it's pretty easy to go to, You know, each of them, and they seem to, they seem to sort the books or or the different things in the library into different categories pretty well.

So they they make different sections, which I think makes it a lot easier for people to find exactly what they're looking for.

I like that about this.

And, Yeah.

Very, I would say, pretty easy to navigate, to kind of scroll through, the different options they have as well and the description of these books was just like I expected.

You know?

It has the title, the ratings, and all of that.

But like I said, I think This is pretty underdeveloped, and it still needs a lot of work, because it's a little Confusing if you just look at it like this, very repetitive pictures.

And like I said, the language barrier also kind of got in the way.

So that's why I'm giving it a four and kind of in the middle.

Is there something you would change on this site?

Please tell us about it.

I mean, obviously, I would change the pictures and add a description to each category.

I will change the pictures on the homepage so that They're not so repetitive.

And I would add a description to each category on the home page as well.

So that's what I would change.