You're invited to participate in the usability evaluation of this application's interface.

In this test, we indicate your opinion on the interface design, navigation features, and general experience when using our platform.

The objective is to improve usability, make it more intuitive and efficient for our users.

Your opinion is essential to the continuous improvement of our interface, and we hope you feel free to provide sincere and constructive comments.

Please remember that there are no right or wrong answers to this test.

You're interested in your personal experience and perceptions when using our platform.

Therefore, do not hesitate to express your opinions and suggestions.

Thank you in advance for your participation and time.

Please remember to think out loud during your test and tell us if there's any information missing.

The application information appears in Portuguese, but despite this, It is expected that you will be able to understand some aspects of the interface through its design.

Now take a look at this site and tell us what you think it is.

You can scroll if you want, but please don't click on anything yet.

Okay.

So, tutorial I'm seeing here.

I guess I can close this for now.

So, yeah, this looks like an online library where I can look at audio books, maybe, or audio clips, Books, images, software, videos.

I'm not sure what this is, but it's probably a switch which does something.

And here you can see exactly what it is that they have.

So, the first thing that I noticed was the pop up, which looked like a tutorial on how to use the website.

What can you do on this site?

You can it's like an online library, so you can listen to audio clips, books, look at images, use specific kind of, programs, things like that.

What products or services are offered on this side?

Site, audio, books, images, software, videos.

Who is the site intended for?

I guess anyone who wants to access these resources.

Someone who's probably looking to learn, about something.

In your opinion, what are the negative aspects of the of the presented interface.

I think, Not sure, really.

Maybe the layout design could be a bit nicer.

Yeah.

Like, this doesn't quite fit, or just maybe it looks a bit outdated.

That's that's all I'd say.

In your opinion, what are the positive aspects of the presented interface?

I think it's minimalist.

I think it looks user experience is great.

Navigation is easy as well.

Imagine that your the products and services offered on this site are intended for you.

Do whatever you think you are supposed to, e g, buy a product, make booking, create an account, etcetera.

Please note, please don't forget to think out loud.

Okay.

So I think I'm gonna click on this to see what it does.

Okay.

So that just changes light to dark.

I want to listen to some audio, so I'd click on audio.

This is great.

And then I would just, Let's say click on this one because that's what I want to listen to.

And then I would download it so I can listen to it.

But I'm I'm not going to in this case.

But, yeah, I just click download and then listen to off my computer.

Or if I'm on wanna see an image let's just click on a random image here.

And, yeah, I just expect to see the image.

Similarly, for software videos, other software reading and videos, I think I would just expect to find similar things.

How would you rate your overall experience with this website?

I'd give it a six.

It's very easy to navigate, and All the pages are very easy even though it's in a language I don't understand.

Just looks a bit outdated.

That's all.

But Besides that, I think it's great.

So something you would change on this site.

I would give the page more modern feel as the text feels a little Dated as well as the Yeah.

So just just that, really.